feat(auth): add Twitter login for Android, iOS and Web (#9421)
firebase/flutterfire: docs/auth/federated-auth.md

Future<UserCredential> signInWithMicrosoft() async {
  final microsoftProvider = MicrosoftAuthProvider();
  if (kIsWeb) {
    await FirebaseAuth.instance.signInWithPopup(microsoftProvider);
  } else {
    await FirebaseAuth.instance.signInWithAuthProvider(microsoftProvider);
  }
}
```

## Twitter

Ensure the "Twitter" sign-in provider is enabled on the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/project/_/authentication/providers)

> with an API Key and API Secret set. Also make sure your Firebase OAuth redirect URI (e.g. my-app-12345.firebaseapp.com/__/auth/handler) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with an API Key and API Secret set. Ensure your Firebase OAuth redirect URI (e.g. my-app-12345.firebaseapp.com/__/auth/handler) 
```

is set as your Authorization callback URL in your app's settings page on your [Twitter app's config](https://apps.twitter.com/).

You also might need to request elevated [API access depending on your app](https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/products/elevated).

* {iOS+}

>   You need to configure custom URL scheme as [described in iOS guide step 1](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/ios/twitter-login#handle_the_sign-in_flow_with_the_firebase_sdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You need to configure your custom URL scheme as [described in iOS guide step 1](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/ios/twitter-login#handle_the_sign-in_flow_with_the_firebase_sdk).
```

with an API Key and API Secret set. Also make sure your Firebase OAuth redirect URI (e.g. my-app-12345.firebaseapp.com/__/auth/handler) 
is set as your Authorization callback URL in your app's settings page on your [Twitter app's config](https://apps.twitter.com/).

You also might need to request elevated [API access depending on your app](https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/products/elevated).

* {iOS+}

  You need to configure custom URL scheme as [described in iOS guide step 1](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/ios/twitter-login#handle_the_sign-in_flow_with_the_firebase_sdk).

* {Android}

  If you haven't yet specified your app's SHA-1 fingerprint, do so from the [Settings page](https://console.firebase.google.com/project/_/settings/general/) 
  of the Firebase console. Refer to [Authenticating Your Client](https://developers.google.com/android/guides/client-auth) for details on how to get your app's SHA-1 fingerprint.

* {Web}

  Before you begin [configure Sign In with Apple](/docs/auth/web/apple#configure-sign-in-with-apple)

>   and [enable Apple as a sign-in provider](/docs/auth/web/apple#enable-apple-as-a-sign-in-provider).

Reviewer: Is this correct?

Author: Good catch 😁 Nothing to do for Web so I forgot to remove the copy paste
